# Overview

This is a container based application leveraging Docker where each service performs a specific role. A broker (RabbitMQ) facilitates communication between the backend services. A highly available pair of SQL servers houses the student tutor allocations. Read calls are load balanced whereas write calls are replicated using a master-slave configuration. Updates made to the database pair are only performed by the master to ensure strong write consistency. The web application is served by an Nginx server. Queries are made to the database and the data is displayed in an intuitive tabular format.

The frontend is written in React, whereas the backend is written in Java utilizing the Spring framework. A sample Dockerfile is provided in this repository. The application consists of the following services:

1) Student-Tutor-Master. This service can be regarded as the coordinator of the whole operation. It queries the database daily to determine whom among the volunteers have not responded yet (At the beginning of each weekly cycle, a notification is sent out to all volunteers as none of them would have received a notification yet). The tutors' email addresses are collated into a list and pushed one by one into a specific queue as seperate messages to be consumed by "Student-Tutor-Writer (discussed below). In addition, it pulls messages from another queue containing the response sent by the volunteers and updates the database accordingly.
2) Student-Tutor-Writer. This service is responsible for one single function. That is, pulling messages from the writer queue where each message contains the email address of the volunteer. An email notification is then sent out given that address. Google's SMTP server is used to carry out the push notifications. A 500 email daily limit is imposed by Google. By default, this worker can process 5 distinct messages concurrently. A dead letter queue, which ought to be included for robust error handling, is not included here.
3) Student-Tutor-Reader. This service polls the email inbox (used to send notifications) on a daily basis using an IMAP client. Search filters by email subject and time are included as part of the request to only retrieve the relevant emails. A payload comprising the email address and the contents of the email are pushed to a dedicated "reader queue" where, as mentioned in point 1 above, are pulled and subsequently parsed by the Master node prior to updating the relevant entries in the database.
4) 
